Update ingress-gateways.mdx (#10673)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/connect/ingress-gateways.mdx

      services:
        - name: static-server
```

> ~> **Note:** The value in the 'name' field for ingressgateway must match the name used in the helm chart. For example, in the above YAML, the name ingress-gateway" is the same name used in the helm chart YAML configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** The 'name' field for the IngressGateway resource must match the name
specified when creating the gateway in the Helm chart. In the above example, the
name "ingress-gateway" is the [default name](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/helm#v-ingressgateways-gateways-name)
used by the Helm chart when enabling ingress gateways.
```
